feat(eslint-plugin): [consistent-return] add new rule (#8289)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/consistent-return.md

---
description: 'Require `return` statements to either always or never specify values.'
---

> 🛑 This file is source code, not the primary documentation location! 🛑
>
> See **https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/consistent-return** for documentation.

This rule extends the base [`eslint/consistent-return`](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/consistent-return) rule.

> This version adds support for functions that return void type.

Reviewer: [Docs] Adding a touch of syntax highlighting, and also being explicit that void Promises are supported:

```suggestion
This version adds support for functions that return `void` or `Promise<void>`.
```

---
description: 'Require `return` statements to either always or never specify values.'
---

> 🛑 This file is source code, not the primary documentation location! 🛑
>
> See **https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/consistent-return** for documentation.

This rule extends the base [`eslint/consistent-return`](https://eslint.org/docs/rules/consistent-return) rule.
This version adds support for functions that return void type.

<!--tabs-->

> #### ❌ Incorrect

Reviewer: [Bug] The heading size is different between the two tabs, so it's not actually showing up as tabs.

![Screenshot of the consistent-return docs page showing Correct as a standalone heading](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/assets/3335181/8fd94ccc-851c-4d88-b9e0-df3ea88154ff)

```ts
function foo(): undefined {}
function bar(flag: boolean): undefined {
  if (flag) return foo();
  return;
}
```

### ✅ Correct

```ts

> /* eslint @typescript-eslint/consistent-return: "error" */

Reviewer 2: [nit + asking] `❌ Incorrect` section doesn't have similar eslint-enable directive. Perhaps we should keep them in sync?

Only two rules contain eslint-enable directives in their docs: [`no-implied-eval`](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/blob/8622286207b3e04ddd260eaa8ac71927d47edd7d/packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/no-implied-eval.md), [`default-param-last`](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/blob/8622286207b3e04ddd260eaa8ac71927d47edd7d/packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/default-param-last.md). So it is not widely used in our docs

From my point of view, the rule documentation already implies that in all examples the rule is enabled

What do you think?

Reviewer: Yeah if most docs don't do it then this one shouldn't. I'd consider it a docs bug that those two docs pages do have the comment.

Discussing adding them in the way the core ESLint docs do would be a separate issue from this.
